Let's talk about paying for advertising strategies.
Now my personal experience with Google Ad Words is surprising.
It really does work.
My strategy is to spend no more than 50 to 100 dollars and split test your ads once you see which ad
works the best.
Meaning getting a high click through rate and a low cost per click you can easily get 80 to 100 fresh
new daily downloads.
Please make sure you use highly targeted keywords and you can also target your device so you don't wind
up poisoning your money.
Showing your ads to people not interested in your rap.
Facebook is another great place to get people to download and install your app.
Facebook costs can be even cheaper to get a person to download and install your app versus Google AdWords.
Always test drive the traffic using a small amount of your money at first until you see what that traffic
is costing you per install and then make an educated decision after you test your paid traffic on ad
words or Facebook or Twitter.
Again always try split testing your ads to see which ad is cheaper if you don't run.
You'll save money this way with split testing.
All you're doing is changing one thing at a time and see how that ad performs against your other ad.
OK I'll see you in the next lecture.